1 Customer Obsession

1. Tell me about a time you had to deal with a difficult customer or client.
2. Describe a time when you went above and beyond what was expected to help a customer.
3. Tell me a time when you were able to foresee a customer problem?
4. Tell me a time when you had to say No to a customer?
5. Tell me about a time when you asked a customer for feedback.
6. Tell me about a time when you had to say no to a customer or client.
7. Tell me about a time you had to deal with a difficult customer
8. Tell me about a time you made something much simpler for customers
9. Which company has the best customer service and why?

2 Ownership

1. Tell me about a time when you did something that was outside of your responsibility at work.
2. Tell me about a time when you failed at work.
3. Helpe
 co-worker with a difficult task?
4. Describe an instance where you had to make an important decision without approval from your boss

3 Invent and Simplify

1. looked at things from a different angle to solve a problem.
2. Tell me about a time when you improved a process.
3. make something simpler and easier
4. Tell me about a time when you found a simple solution to a challenging problem
5. Tell me about a time when you created or invented something.
6. Tell me about a time you suggested a new approach
7. What is the most innovative idea you've ever had?
8. Tell me how you built a feature in an innovative way, give specific details

4 Are Right, A Lot

1. no enough information to make an important decision
2. Tell me about a time when you had to make a quick decision that was going to have a significant impact on the business.

5 Learn and Be Curious

6 Hire and Develop the Best

7 Insist on the Highest Standards

1. insisted on doing something the right way.
2. where you wish you’d have done things differently
3. Tell me about a time when you went above and beyond what was required at work. 

8 Think Big

9 Bias for Action
1. Tell me about a time when you took a risk at work.
2. Tell me about a time when you had to work with incomplete data or missing information.
3. Tell me about a time when you made a decision without consulting your manager or supervisor.

10 Frugality

11 Earn Trust

12 Dive Deep

13 Have Backbone; Disagree and Commit

1. How would you react if the people in your team do not agree with your opinions or ideas?
2. Tell me about the time when you showed initiative at work.
3. Tell me a time when you had a disagreement with somebody at work?
4. idea had a positive impact on a team
5. someone challenged your point of view
6. Tell me about a time when you made an unpopular decision.
7. Tell me about a time you disagreed with a team member.

14 Deliver Results

1. Tell me a time when you thought you were going to miss a deadline.
2. Describe a time when you overcame a difficult challenge at work?
3. Tell me about a time when you had no choice but to work with limited resources.
4. Tell me about a time when you left a task unfinished.
5. Tell me about a time when you were not going to deliver on a promise you had made.

15 Strive to be Earth's Best Employer

16 Success and Scale Bring Broad Responsibility
